So before we convert from think and plan and consider and discuss into act and work and do, the last thought, I have gone through the process of creating all these individual repos for every one of the former GPTs of Gleefully. And it was for a purpose of compartmentalization and separation, but I wonder, rather than having 50 separate repos, do I place all of this as separate folders within this repo? Do I convert the Gleefully tools boundary repo to a singular plane with folders and subfolders underneath those for every one of the current former GPT-focused repos? Or do I keep them separate? Or do I keep them separate for now and then consolidate as I move to an agent skills first and a diminished version of custom GPT? And then the final thought question. If I create all these agent skills, all these functions, all these scripts, all this capability logic that exists within agent skills, have I already gone through and done 90% of the work to build a custom application? And would I be able to provide an alternate method of use of slapping a TypeScript Vite single-page web application over the top of it with maybe six, seven, eight tabs for these larger domain areas and then basically have a gleefully tools custom application that I initially serve off of GitHub and actually convert this particular repository from being a repository of content to becoming an actual developed application space for it? Just some product direction questions. Making sure that I don't exclude myself from opportunity, but also not overly burden myself with thoughts that I cannot execute on. So is this the right move, to continue to leave it as 50 separate repos, consolidate all the repos into this one as separate folders now? Reorganize the 50 repos into a consistent structure first, then consolidate. Go through the process of consolidating and updating the GPTs to 1.0 and then starting the Agent Skills as the separate repos and then collapse them into this one super repo and then strap the custom single-page static site web application over the top of this infrastructure of Agent Skills. Provide pros and cons, suggestions, identify levels of effort, best practices, thought leadership. Be my partner, be my guide, save me from myself.