a consideration that should go into the timeline and the order of operation for conversion. The difference between an agent skill and a custom GPT. An agent skill, according to best practices, has certain suggested limits and hard constraints in performance elements with regards to the number of tokens that are consumed. But it has the added capability of packaging, including scripts and data and assets in the package. It's not a requirement for me to overload the skill.md file with a bunch of extra the way that I was trying to load into the instruction block of the custom GPT. So once again, custom GPT was limited to the 8,000 characters inside of the instruction because there was essentially a 2,000 token limit. And I had to orchestrate this environment of toolbox, tool, toollet, function to manage that payload. So as I create agent skills, instead of custom GPTs, what I was originally creating as a custom GPT at the tool level did four, five, six functions. Those functions may be solved with one, two, five, six, 10 separate Python scripts. And so instead of having to have 50 elements in the ecosystem, I might be able to do this with seven domain area agent skills, and each of those agent skills would have some combination of script and data and asset and reference that's packed along with the skill package to provide that extra nuance but not overburden the skill.md file with the extraneous information just to provide the value and functionality that I was looking to do with the other platform. So yes, I do need to get all 50 GPTs to at least a version 1.0. But I may not need to create 50 agent skills. I may convert those 50 GPTs into seven, 10 agent skills. And some of the Python scripts that carry along with it may cross over in functionality, because, as an example, I have, like, journaling or task tracking inventory across multiple GPTs, whether it's collecting books or collecting recipes. Well, a collection is a collection. What is being collected and what is being inventoried really doesn't matter so much. The Python script will do that. And the same Python script would likely be able to do both things. It's a matter of handing it a different mode file or data set that tells it when it's called by this active word in the agent skill that it's inventorying a recipe or it's inventorying a collection of handbags or a collection of shoes or a collection of wines. But once again, it's a collection and identifying the collection still requires the same sort of scripting logic with just a different context of purpose.