I agree with your assessment. Yes, the Gleefully Tools foundry is a cousin of the Overkill Hill foundry, and Gleefully Tools, Gleefully.Tools, is the public-facing advertisement for a solution that I thought was monetizable. But the overall economics and adoption of custom GPTs never came into its own. It never became a solution that was able to be a productized or monetized solution. So it became more of a evolution in my own understanding of all things AI. But while I was creating these, I started to develop a pattern. I started to realize that each one of these custom GPTs could have a PRD document, an elevator pitch, an explanation of its purpose, a number of sub-functions, capabilities. But then I started to realize that Because of the limitations of custom GPT and the 8,000-character payload in the instruction set and the 20 files to be attached as knowledge resources and the 300-character description and the certain number of characters allowed and limited in the title, there were bounds. And in order for me to play within that field, I had to keep it constrained. I couldn't make any one GPT do everything that I visualized I could. So I started to break it down until I got to the point where I found that I could provide a consistent solution in a meaningful way and still play within the rules. But doing that, I thought it would be one GPT, and then I thought it would be five, and then five became seven. And then each of those five tools couldn't deliver the functionality that I needed. So then what I had to do was break out the functions to sub-functions, toollets. And initially trying to stay with five, but some of those grew to seven toollets underneath a tool underneath the toolbox. And each of those toollets had to do something. And once again, I don't know why, but I thought in order for it to have value, it needed to have at least three functions that it could deliver on, each toollet. And some of those have more like six or seven. functions. And I started to call those functionettes. I don't know why, but I did. So functions are leaves. Functionettes became a different concept that I never went all the way with. I found myself way too far down a rabbit hole and had bit off more than I could chew. So there is a lot of this that was never fully finished, partly because of my own appetite, partly because I started to drift in other directions. But it's now that I start to understand exactly what agent skills are, that agent skills are not that dissimilar from custom GPT, with the one exception. Agent skills don't support personality. They don't support persona. And a lot of what I was building and spending time with in the Gleefully tools was to have a piece of Glees personality in those tools. So respond in a way that sounds like her. And it was not as methodical and dry as agent skills appear to be. But I realized that if I have agent skills and I hand those agent skills off to a agent harness like OpenClo, OpenClo supports the personality and soul. So I may be able to extract the functionality and capabilities of these custom GPTs and lift and shift those into agent skills and then to take the persona and build. sol templates that could be used by an agentic harness like OpenClaw. But before I do any of that, I need to take what was a rather disorganized approach on a local hard drive for each of these mini custom GPTs and organize them in a structured fashion so that I could more easily replatform them from custom GPTs into agent skills. That is my plan, is to go through each and every one of these custom GPT-specific repositories, organize the information in a consistent way— the instruction blocks, the titles, the description, the PRDs, the testing, the knowledge attach reg files—and organize that so that it could be maintained as a custom GPT because even though those are not interesting for me right now or the community at large, there's a possibility that it could come back again. And so I don't want to throw away the work that was already done, but I also want to fork this concept and move it towards agentic harnesses and agent skills.